---
layout: post
title: "summer 2023, heartbreak for maui"
date: 2023-08-11
---
My contract renewal dossier is due on Sept. 15th. I also applied to, and was accepted into, the Learning Design & Technology (LTEC) Ph.D. program and will be starting this Fall. I was really stressing out since the dossier is something I did not start on until late because I was considering a job opportunity, then decided to stay. But then something terrible happened.

Maui has suffered from terrible wildfires. The powerful winds from passing Hurricane Dora, in addition to having suffered severe drought conditions, made it very dangerous red flag warning weather. Lāhainā looks like it has been decimated. From all news reports, the fires started really raging on Wednesday night, August 9th, and people were forced to run for their lives--some even jumping into the ocean to escape. As I write this, the confirmed death toll is 55, but most are sure there will be more. Even though I do not have any relatives or friends on Maui, I feel heartbreak for the lives lost and the destruction. <a href="https://www.hawaiinewsnow.com/2023/08/09/want-help-those-devastated-by-maui-wildfires-heres-how/">Hawaiʻi News Now posted a bunch of ways you can help.</a> I have donated money and food, and know the people of Hawaiʻi will do what we can to help. But, I cannot imagine how the folks who lost everything are feeling. I am so sorry for their losses and hope those who survived can recover in time. 

My problems are small in the great scheme of things. Sending my hopes for healing to Maui. 
